Spend five thousand years, every economy,
They are all mixed with blood that the predecessors did not believe.
The year before last was about the economy, so I never followed suit.
I will accompany you down this time.
Chinese New Year, today is the most conscientious program.
This eye. I have memorized this host,
After Liu Ziwei sorted out the tips,
After all, you can figure it out.
yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
Results. At this time, it's time to leave a cow and don't care.
You're just fucking the heat of our description.
I just handed it over on the stage
Are you really unclear about your status?
Now the collar is complete again
Hate to split money later
Whether this money is for planning or creation
I did it all independently
Even when I acted, I solved it myself.
You are a horse
Then it’s me, Miao Ye, right? Silence
This time you might just be a part of the conversation
The price may be good
Such a good program cannot be released earlier
now my victory
It's your testers and actors who will push this show into the abyss